H2O is fast, scalable, open-source machine learning and deep learning for Smarter Applications. 

With H2O, enterprises like PayPal, Nielsen Catalina, Cisco and others can use all of their data without sampling and get accurate predictions faster. 

Advanced algorithms, like Deep Learning, Boosting, and Bagging Ensembles are readily available for application designers to build smarter applications through elegant APIs. 
Supervised Learning
	AutoML
	Cox Proportional Hazards (CoxPH)
	Deep Learning (DL)
	Distributed Random Forest (DRF)
	Generalized Linear Modeling (GLM)
	Gradient Boosting Machine (GBM)
	Naive Bayes
	Stacked Ensembles
	XGBoost
Unsupervised Learning
	Aggregator
	Generalized Low Rank Models (GLRM)
	K-Means Clustering
	Isolation Forest
	Principal Component Analysis (PCA)
Miscellaneous
	Word2Vec

Some of our earliest customers have built powerful domain-specific predictive engines for Recommendations, Customer Churn, Propensity to Buy, Dynamic Pricing and Fraud Detection for 
the Insurance, Healthcare, Telecommunications, AdTech, Retail and Payment Systems.

Using in-memory compression techniques, H2O can handle billions of data rows in-memory, even with a fairly small cluster. 

The platform includes interfaces for R, Python, Scala, Java, JSON and Coffeescript/JavaScript, along with a built-in web interface, Flow, that make it easier for non-engineers to stitch together complete analytic workflows. 

The platform was built alongside (and on top of) both Hadoop and Spark Clusters and is typically deployed within minutes.
Sparkling Water
Sparkling Water combines the fast, scalable machine learning algorithms of H2O with the capabilities of Spark

H2O implements almost all common machine learning algorithms, such as generalized linear modeling 
(linear regression, logistic regression, etc.), Naïve Bayes, principal components analysis, time series, k-means clustering, and others. 

H2O also implements best-in-class algorithms such as Random Forest, Gradient Boosting, and Deep Learning at scale. Customers can build thousands of models and compare them to get the best prediction results.

H2O is nurturing a grassroots movement of physicists, mathematicians, computer and data scientists to herald the new wave of discovery with data science. 

Academic researchers and Industrial data scientists collaborate closely with our team to make this possible. 

H2O offers an R package that can be installed from CRAN, and a python package that can be installed from PyPI.

H2O can also be downloaded directly from http://h2o.ai/download.

Driverless AI
Automatic Machine Learning for the Enterprise. Driverless AI automates feature engineering, model building, visualization and interpretability.
https://www.h2o.ai/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/An-Introduction-to-Machine-Learning-Interpretability-Second-Edition.pdf
https://www.h2o.ai/solutions/usecases/fraud-detection/
http://docs.h2o.ai/h2o-tutorials/latest-stable/WhatIsH2O.html
http://docs.h2o.ai/h2o-tutorials/latest-stable/tutorials/glrm/glrm-tutorial.html
